Success! You've managed to infiltrate Commander Lambda's evil organization, and finally earned yourself an entry-level position as a Minion on her space station. From here, you just might be able to subvert her plans to use the LAMBCHOP doomsday device to destroy Bunny Planet. Problem is, Minions are the lowest of the low in the Lambda hierarchy. Better buck up and get working, or you'll never make it to the top...

Why did you sign up for infiltration duty again? The pamphlets from Bunny HQ promised exotic and interesting missions, yet here you are drudging in the lowest level of Commander Lambda's organization. Hopefully you get that promotion soon...

You survived a week in Commander Lambda's organization, and you even managed to get yourself promoted. Hooray! Henchmen still don't have the kind of security access you'll need to take down Commander Lambda, though, so you'd better keep working. Chop chop!

Rumor has it the prison guards are inexplicably fond of bananas. You're an apple person yourself, but you file the information away for future reference. You never know when you might need to bribe a guard (or three)...

The perks are definitely better as a Henchman than as a Minion. You're even allowed to sleep lying down!

Awesome! Commander Lambda was so impressed by your efforts that she's made you her personal assistant. You'll be helping her directly with her work, which means you'll have access to all of her files-including the ones on the LAMBCHOP doomsday device. This is the chance you've been waiting for. Can you use your new access to finally topple Commander Lambda's evil empire?

There are a lot of difficult things about being undercover as Commander Lambda's personal assistant, but you have to say, the personal spa and private hot cocoa bar are pretty awesome.

Commander Lambda has six suits, three dress uniforms, four casual outfits, and one Dress-Uniform-For-Important-Speeches-Only. You know this because you've already had to take all of them to the dry cleaner's. Twice!

There are a lot of difficult things about being undercover as Commander Lambda's personal assistant, but you have to say, the personal spa and private hot cocoa bar are pretty awesome.

Excellent! You've destroyed Commander Lambda's doomsday device and saved Bunny Planet! But there's one small problem: the LAMBCHOP was a wool-y important part of her space station, and when you blew it up, you triggered a chain reaction that's tearing the station apart. Can you rescue the imprisoned bunnies and escape before the entire thing explodes?

One of these days you're going to manage to glimpse Commander Lambda's password over her shoulder. But she's very careful about security, and you haven't managed it yet...

This was supposed to be an infiltration-and-rescue mission, not a repeat of the Great Cowland Station fiasco! You didn't think rescuing bunnies would involve this much running.

Oh no! You escaped Commander Lambda's exploding space station - but so did she, and she's definitely not happy with you. She's chasing you in her heavily-armed starfighter, while you and your bunny refugees are stuck in these lumbering escape pods. It'll take all your wits and cleverness to escape such a hare-y situation, so you'd better hop to it!

Traveling through a nebula is a really bad idea, but with Commander Lambda hot on your tail, you don't have many options. Hopefully you can lose her once you're inside!

With one last roar of the escape pod's engines, you and your bunny companions jump to lightspeed. Congratulations! You've destroyed the LAMBCHOP, rescued the bunnies, gotten Commander Lambda off your tail, and saved the galaxy. Time for a little rest and relaxation back on Bunny Planet. Pat yourself on the back - you've earned it!